Menus:

----------

Table Service - exactly how it sounds. Floor plan, etc

Quick Order - Numberless tabs. You can set names (required) or you could name tab as a number - in case you need it for certain table (table was taken, people moved, etc)

Fast Service (Beta) - don't use. It's for places with cash register (stores, merch etc)
KDS - Do not use. Kitchen Display Screen - same as expo computer screen. 

Payment terminal - will show all your tabs (or if you have permission access - all tabs in whole restaurant)

Orders Hub - Do not use. To go orders (made thrugh toast website/app)

Pending Orders - Do not use. Orders that schedules for later.

----------

Shift Review - your shift. Your numbers, tickets etc

Sales Report - do not use. Your sales (today or other day) - it's not always working properly.

Time Clock - your clock-ins and outs for this week. Total hours, etc

Device Setup - Do not use (unless instructed otherwise) - printer setups, service area setup, Payment processing setup etc

Printer Setup - Do not use. You can only check status (you don't have permissions)

Support site, Status Page, Start Screen Share - Do not use. Will contact Toast support / go to website.

----------

Table Service:
Start a new table on floor plan.
Tab name - name of the current check (tab). You can have 1 table with multiple checks. And you can name each check. If you ring stuff on non existing table (bar, outside, etc) you can still name the tab with right table (so instead of looking for table 5 we can see "120" as tab name).
Dine in option (as default majority devices set up for "dine in" but if you take one from hostess or after update it can be changed to "take out"


PAY button:
Taking payments
https://share.vidyard.com/watch/DhPFG93HT4iHP3dGc8sMqX?

Quick Service - same as table service but no table number - only tab names.

=========== end of Toast overview =============

------ Mods ----------

SIDES
Most of entrees comes with 2 sides. Some come with one (Crab Crusted Redfish, Chicken Malanese), some with no sides (Pasta).
The side substitutions are free (no upcharge). But you have to be very specific what sides you want.
If you have 2 sides entree and they want to sub some - either specify what sides they want or specify what side they DON'T want and what they DO want.
Example:

Ribeye
Bacon Brussel
mac and cheese

or

Ribeye
No Mash
Sub Mac and Cheese

ALLERGIES
Also "intolerances" (wheat, dairy, etc). Important stuff.

Few things to know:
All fried food fried in the same oil (shellfish, glutein etc) — for serious allergies strongly not reccomended.
Hearsay restaurants use SOY BEAN oil for frying (double check with chef if asked - they oil changes)
Certain items possible to fry separetly (bacon brussel sprouts)
All deserts have dairy.
Even if item on the menu has "GF" you still have to put special reguest for kitchen.

Check with chef if this item even possible to make without certain ingridients
For exemple the cheesesteak eggrolls can not be made without cheese or glutein. But bacon brussel sprouts could be cooked separetly from rest of the fried food in case of glutein/seafood allergies

Type in special request with what type of allergy the person has for certain items
Let the kitchen chef/manager on duty know
Let managers know
When delivering food — check with chef/kitchen manager about the entree and check visually
If order isn't made properly (allergy item on the plate) — ask chef to remake the order since just removing it could still make the guest sick

When people say "Shrimp allergy" specify if it's shrimp or shell fish. Some people say "seafood" - again specify if it's seafood allergy or shellfish.
Some people say "I don't each cheese" - make sure that you know if that's a diet thing or dairy intolerance.
Make sure you understand what exactly condition the guest has.

When you order dish with allergies be very specific and double check with chef:

ex:
Chicken Sandwich
Grilled
Shellfish allergy

Go to chef point on ticket, say the table number/tab name and say that the guest has shellfish allergy so kitchen know to pay extra attention to that ticket.

ex:
Cheeseburger
MEDIUM
no cheese
dairy allergy
plain fries

Same here - check with chef about ticket. When running food - make sure there is no cheese on burger and no cheese on fries.

If guest orders fried food and they have seafood/shellfish allergy - explain that all food fried in same oil. Still specify the ticket in case guest okay with the same oil.
Check with chef and explain that you warned about same oil so that should be not a problem.

OTHER MODS
A good server not only suggests the items but also offers topping and sides.
Besides a good server also doesn't say that we can't sell certain items — we can sell anything. But it will have a price. Before assuming the price for extras check with chef. You could say to guest something like "let me check with chef how he would like to do this" After any and all modification make sure to talk to chef/kitchen manager about how and what exactly you're trying to order.

If guest wants shrimp tacos — ask chef how much would we upcharge for it
For adding shrimp — if there is no "add button" on the item just do manually and charge as much as "add shrimp" on other items cost
For different type of topping ask chef how much
If someone wants extra taco or two — ask chef. If we can't do 1-3 tacos (due to the fish is porsioned) offer guest whole order to share?

For garnishes and simple veggies (like extra tomato, pico, pickles etc) there is no upcharge but still have to add mod for kitchen.